DOCS-178 Architecture Overview (#71)
hazelcast/cloud-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/scale-up-down.adoc

= Scaling a Dedicated Cluster
:description: Scaling clusters is useful when you need to increase available memory to handle higher than normal workloads. You can also control monthly costs by reducing memory when you expect lower loads. 
:page-dedicated: true

{description}

> Dedicated clusters scale horizontally, which means that you can adjust the resources available to your application, such as memory, by adding members (scaling out) or removing members (scaling in). Each dedicated cluster is a network of a minimum of three instances or _members_, with a fixed set of resources allocated to each one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dedicated clusters scale horizontally, which means that you can adjust the resources available to your application, such as memory, by adding members (scaling out) or removing members (scaling in). Each Dedicated cluster is a network of at least three instances or _members_, with a fixed set of resources allocated to each one.
```

Author: Updated as requested.
